Update Windows doc for BGP (#4145)
projectcalico/calico: getting-started/windows-calico/kubernetes/standard.md

### Big picture

> Install {{site.prodnameWindows}} on Kubernetes clusters. Standard installation for {{site.prodnameWindows}} requires more time and expertise to configure. If you need to get started quickly, we recommend [quick start]({{site.baseurl}}/getting-started/windows-calico/quickstart)

Reviewer: all one word...

[Quickstart]

> Install {{site.prodnameWindows}} on Kubernetes clusters. Standard installation for {{site.prodnameWindows}} requires more time and expertise to configure. If you need to get started quickly, we recommend [quick start]({{site.baseurl}}/getting-started/windows-calico/quickstart)

Reviewer 2: Adding to Barbara's suggestion:
```suggestion
Install {{site.prodnameWindows}} on Kubernetes clusters. The standard installation for {{site.prodnameWindows}} requires more time and expertise to configure. If you need to get started quickly, we recommend the [Quickstart]({{site.baseurl}}/getting-started/windows-calico/quickstart)
```

#### Prepare Windows nodes to join the Linux cluster

> On each Windows node, follow steps below to configure kubelet and kube-proxy service.

Reviewer: On each Windows node, follow **the** steps below...
